JAMES: Not bad at all!
MEOWTH: Finding a gob of
glorious grub out in the middle
of nowhere makes
no sense at all!
JESSIE: You're wrong.
Where Team Rocket travels,
fate keeps us well‐fed.
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT] [EATING]
PHANTUMP X7: [LAUGHING]
JAMES: All right!
Who's laughing at us?!
JESSIE: Yes, stop
laughing and show yourself!
WOBBUFFET: [NERVOUS]
PHANTUMP X7: [APPEARING]
MEOWTH: Who are those blobs?
JAMES: Let's
see.I'd say they're Phantump.
PHANTUMP 1: [SCOLDING]
JESSIE:
Some translation, if you please.
MEOWTH: It's saying gobbling up
all their goodies without asking
permission is a big no‐no.
JAMES: I don't recall seeing the
word Phantump written on them!
JESSIE: Finders,
keepers, losers, weepers!
These treats are OURS! Let go!!
PHANTUMP W: [ANGRY] [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: Hey! Don't be so greedy!
PHANTUMP W: [PAINED]
[ANGRY] [FOREST'S CURSE MOVE]
JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET: [SCARED]
JESSIE: What kind
of gross move is that?!
JAMES: Get your
grossness off of us!
MEOWTH: This's a lot of hubbub
for stealing some stupid grub!
JESSIE: In that case, we'll eat
even more! You'll pay with your
empty stomachs!
PHANTUMP W: [WARNING]
PHANTUMP X6: [SHADOW BALL MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[SCREAMING]
JESSIE: This macaron is MINE!
PHANTUMP X6: [FRIGHTENED]
JESSIE: Leggo! Leggo!! LEGGO!!
PHANTUMP W: [STRUGGLING]
JESSIE: Get LOST!
PHANTUMP 1:
[WORRIED] [DETERMINED]
PHANTUMP X5: [DETERMINED]
ASH: I can't wait! Special
training for the Snowbelle Gym!
It's gonna be awesome!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE:
Look! Something's fall...
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
CLEMONT: Ash, NO!
DEDENNE: [STARTLED]
PHANTUMP W: [STUNNED]
ASH: 'Kay. Pikachu, Thunderbolt.
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
NARRATOR: During their long
journey to the Snowbelle City
Gym, a Phantump has literally
dropped in on our heroes at the
foot of a mountain.
SERENA: Ash,
how are you, are you okay?!
ASH: Yeah.
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY] [EATING]
CLEMONT: Think it
fell out of a tree?
BONNIE: No, it fell from the
sky. I saw it with my own eyes!
ASH: Wonder how it got up there.
POKEDEX: Phantump. The Stump
Pokémon. Phantump come from
rotting tree stumps that
have been possessed by spirits.
Lonely forests are
their preferred habitat.
ASH: Different color
than the one in the Pokédex.
CLEMONT: What an amazing sight.
That's what I call a rarity!
BONNIE: It's so cute!
Nice to meet you, Phantump!
PHANTUMP W: [STARTLED] [SCARED]
BONNIE/PIKACHU/DEDENNE/SQUISHY:
[QUESTIONING]
PHANTUMP W: [DEFENSIVE]
[FOREST'S CURSE MOVE]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/PIKAC
HU/DEDENNE/SQUISHY: [STARTLED]
PIKACHU/ DEDENNE:
[QUESTIONING] [SCARED]
ASH: Is Phantump using a move?!
CLEMONT:
It's called Forest's Curse!
BONNIE: Hey! Wait, please!
PHANTUMP W: [FLEEING]
ASH: Pikachu,
Iron Tail, let's go!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ASH: Yeah, way to go, Pikachu!
ASH: What was that all about?
PIKACHU: [MYSTIFIED]
CLEMONT: The Pokédex said
Phantump live in remote forests.
I'd say it's highly unusual
for one to live around here.
SERENA: It says that Phantump
live in large trees and imitate
the sounds of children. They use
those sounds to lure people into
the forest and get them lost. At
least that's how the story goes.
BONNIE: That's so cool!
I want to hear
them sound like children!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
SERENA: Well, I don't ever want
to hear them! I never want to
get lost in the forest!
CLEMONT: I don't
want to get lost, either!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/
/PIKACHU/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Sorry 'bout
that guess I'm hungry.
SERENA:
Look what I've got! Want one?
ASH: Yeah, that'd be great!
Thanks a lot, Serena!
ASH: So, down the hatch!
PHANTUMP W: [GRABBING]
PIKACHU: [STARTLED]
ASH: Bring that back!
That's mine!
PHANTUMP W: [EATING] [HAPPY]
BONNIE: I think this little
Phantump likes yummy sweets!
Do you have any more, Serena?
SERENA: More? Uh huh.
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY] [STARTLED]
BONNIE: Here...
Do you want this, too?
PHANTUMP W: [QUESTIONING]
[GRABBING] [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Hey.
Where are your friends?
PHANTUMP W: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE: Are you all alone?
Are you scared?
PHANTUMP W: [SCARED]
CLEMONT: Do you think
it could be lost, perhaps?
ASH: If it is, we know what to
do. Get it back to its friends.
SERENA: But how
are we going to do that?
ASH: Hey, Serena. Would you look
and see if there's a big tree
around here?
SERENA: Hold on a minute!
SERENA: There's one at the
top of the mountain. Yup! Here!
SERENA: Long ago, many people
got lost in those woods because
they would be led astray by
children's voices. So people
built a place to leave treats
for the Phantump. After that,
the voices stopped,
and people stopped getting lost.
SERENA: And it looks like people
are still leaving lots of treats
up there.
PHANTUMP W: [BACK] [EXCITED]
ASH: So, that's that! Let's
climb up to the top right AWAY!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Doesn't that sound
great? We can take you back to
your friends!
DEDENNE: [FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP W: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W: [FRIGHTENED]
BONNIE:
Phantump? Something wrong?
PHANTUMP W: [SCARED]
BONNIE/DEDENNE: [QUESTIONING]
BONNIE/DEDENNE/PHANTUMP W:
[STARTLED]
DIGLETT: [FRIENDLY]
ASH: Wow! Check out the Diglett!
DIGLETT X6/DUGTRIO X3:
[GREETING]
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
SERENA: Everything's fine.
Diglett and Dugtrio are
really friendly.
ASH: Yeah.
They're all just saying hello.
DIGLETT X6/DUGTRIO X3: [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [FAREWELL]
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
PHANTUMP W: [RELIEVED]
CLEMONT: I think that's the
first time this Phantump has
ever met a Diglett or Dugtrio.
BONNIE: Wow, you think?
CLEMONT: Probably the first
time it's been away from home!
BONNIE: Yeah. So it must have
been really surprised when it
first saw all of us, too.
ASH: Phantump? There are lots
of Pokémon out in the world!
Nice ones, fun ones,
all kinds of different ones!
BONNIE: You should meet tons
of Pokémon and make lots of new
friends! 'Kay?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W: [INSPIRED]
PHANTUMP W: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Wait up!
ASH: Don't get too far ahead!
ASH/SERENA/BONNIE/PIKACHU:
[EXCITED]
ASH: What a view! Awesome!
ASH: And the air is so fresh!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: How about we
take a little rest here?
‐SERENA: Good idea!
‐BONNIE: Okay!
BONNIE: And Squishy,
you can get some sun!
SQUISHY: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W: [NERVOUS] [FRIENDLY]
SERENA:
Why don't we have a snack?
I've got homemade macarons!
BONNIE: Yay!
PHANTUMP W:
[QUESTIONING] [EXCITED]
SERENA: Ta‐da! Here you go!
BONNIE: So yummy!
ASH/PHANTUMP W: [EXCITED]
CHESPIN: [APPEARING] [THRILLED]
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
Oh no, not Chespin.
CHESPIN: [QUESTIONING]
CHESPIN: [OFFERING]
PHANTUMP W: [SURPRISED]
PHANTUMP X6: [EATING]
PHANTUMP 1: [FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP W: [ACCEPTING]
PHANTUMP W: [CRYING]
CHESPIN: [BASHFUL]
SERENA: Hey, what's wrong?
BONNIE: It's a macaron!
Don't you like them?
PHANTUMP W:
[WAILING] [QUESTIONING]
ASH: You don't have to cry.
Take it easy.
PIKACHU: [CONCERNED]
BONNIE: It's all right.
It's all right.
We can eat them together. 'Kay?
DEDENNE: [ENCOURAGING] [EATING]
SERENA: I think Phantump
misses all of its friends.
CLEMONT: It's feeling homesick.
ASH: You'll be back with
your buddies before you know it!
BONNIE: Just a little bit
farther to go. Eat that so you
can be strong enough to make
the journey back home, 'kay?
PHANTUMP W: [EATING] [NOTICING]
SERENA: Looks like
everything's fine now!
ASH: Soon as you're
done eating, we'll go!
HELIOPTILE: [GREETING]
ASH: Look! It's a Helioptile!
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
ASH: Now this is a Helioptile.
See?
PHANTUMP W: [UNCOMFORTABLE]
DEDENNE: [EXERTION] [OFFERING]
HELIOPTILE: [ACCEPTING] [HAPPY]
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
HELIOPTILE: [HAPPY]
PHANTUMP W: [SCARED]
BONNIE: Please don't worry!
Helioptile's your friend!
Say hi.
HELIOPTILE: [FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP W: [NERVOUS]
BONNIE: Yeah.
It's all right. See?
HELIOPTILE: [FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP W: [FRIENDLY]
BONNIE: I told you everything
was gonna be just fine.
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: It sure looks
like they broke the ice.
CHESPIN: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BIDOOF: [EXERTION]
PHANTUMP W: [FRIENDLY]
BIDOOF: [GREETING]
CLEMONT: Phantump
seems to be getting used to
meeting other Pokémon.
BONNIE: Yay! There's nothing to
be afraid of. Let's make a whole
lot of new friends!
PHANTUMP W: [AGREEMENT]
MEOWTH: I wonder if the Twerps
wanna schlep that Phantump back
to its home base.
JAMES: Forest's Curse is one
treacherous move. It might wreck
our Pikachu plan.
We need to separate that bunch.
MEOWTH: But how?
It might hand us our lunch.
JESSIE: The answer is clear.
We need a dose of good acting!
‐MEOWTH: Acting?
‐JAMES: How will that help?
WOBBUFFET: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: With a convincing
performance leveled at that
clueless group, Phantump
will be gone, but Pikachu won't!
WOBBUFFET: [NERVOUS]
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Phantump!"
BONNIE: You're gonna
end up making more friends
than you can believe!
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
ASH: Look! Up ahead!
ASH: It's a Kirlia!
SERENA: And a
Gallade and a Gardevoir!
CLEMONT: And a Ralts, too! What
luck! All of its evolved forms,
and they're
standing here in one place!
JESSIE: Now, be chummy with
Phantump and get it out of here.
Where you take it is up to you.
Remember, acting!
JAMES: Right! Like a pro!
MEOWTH: Yo YO!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
WOBBUFFET: [GREETING]
PHANTUMP W:
[QUESTIONING] [FRIENDLY]
SERENA:
They really like each other!
ASH: That's just
what Phantump needs!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
JESSIE: Now!
JAMES: Roger!
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
ASH: Let's go!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Hey! Wait for me!
PHANTUMP W: [EXCITED]
BONNIE: Wait up!
DEDENNE: [CALLING]
MEOWTH:
The Twerps are tailing us!
JAMES: Not acceptable! They
catch up to us and we're toast!
JESSIE: Pedal to the metal!
PHANTUMP W: [EXCITED] [LAUGHING]
‐BONNIE: I've got you!
‐ASH: Phantump!
BONNIE: You're all right!
SERENA: Hold on.
What happened to the others?
CLEMONT:
They must have gone somewhere.
BONNIE: Aww.I wanted
to play with all of them!
DEDENNE: [DISAPPOINTED]
PHANTUMP W: [WORRIED]
PHANTUMP 1: [TIRED] [CALLING]
JESSIE: Our next
scene will be an award winner!
JESSIE: Get ready.
I want a perfect performance!
JAMES: What?
We're going to do it again?!
JESSIE: DUH! And do it RIGHT!
JAMES: Hey. HEY!
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
SQUISHY: [PLEASED]
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
ASH: Phantump!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W: [FAR]
[SURPRISED] [EXCITED]
BONNIE: They're Phantump's
friends! They must've come to
bring it home!
SERENA: I think so!
They were looking all this time!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: [excited]
PHANTUMP W:
[UNHAPPY] [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: I think
they're saying come here!
ASH: Let's go check it out!
BONNIE: Right!
ASH: Hey. wait!
PIKACHU: [OFF] [CALLING]
JESSIE: I'd say we're a success.
JESSIE:
Finally my turn to shine!
PHANTUMP W: [YELLING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
JESSIE: Phantump, Phantump,
Phantump.
ASH: Yess! There they are!
CLEMONT: Come on,
wait for me, would you?!
BONNIE: Move! Please?
You can go faster.
I'm doing the best I can.
SERENA: Ash?
SERENA: Hey.
It's one of my macarons.
BONNIE: Why here?
MEOWTH: We rocked the house,
didn't we?
WOBBUFFET: [AGREEMENT]
JAMES: Though I
could sure use a nap.
PHANTUMP W: [SCARED]
JAMES: Sorry,
but we're not your friends.
SERENA: It's Team Rocket!
JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
The Twerps!!
[SURPRISED]SERENA:
What are you doing here?!
JAMES:
Getting busted, that's what.
MEOWTH: So‐‐what
tipped you off we were here?
SERENA: We found Phantump's
macaron on the ground!
BONNIE: It never
would've dropped it, so we knew
there was trouble!
CLEMONT:
Let Phantump go right NOW!
DEDENNE: [ANGRY]
JAMES: Curses! What can Jessie
be doing? This little Phantump
needs relocation, and relocation
is just what we'll do!
PHANTUMP W: [SCARED]
JAMES: Away!
SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE/DEDENNE:
[SHOCKED]
MEOWTH: That baby
balloon worked like a charm!
JAMES: Go!
WOBBUFFET: [RUNNING]
SERENA: They're so horrible!
BONNIE: Phantump!
CLEMONT: Serena? Let's go!
SERENA: Right!
PHANTUMP X6: [QUESTIONING]
CLEMONT: Hey, are those.
PHANTUMP W: [SHOCKED]
PHANTUMP 1: [DETERMINED]
PHANTUMP X6:
[FOREST'S CURSE MOVE]
CLEMONT: Great!
SERENA: And this time
they're your real friends!
CLEMONT: Phantump, are you okay?
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
PHANTUMP X6: [HAPPY] [EXCITED]
BONNIE: You know
all of them, don't you?
PHANTUMP W: [AFFIRMATIVE]
DEDENNE: [IMPRESSED]
SERENA: That's so
wonderful that they flew
all this way to find Phantump!
PHANTUMP W: [TOUCHED] [HAPPY]
ASH: Hey! Stop!
PIKACHU: [CALLING]
PIKACHU: [QUESTIONING]
PIKACHU: [CONFUSED]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
ASH: What's going on?!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
JESSIE: Prepare for trouble,
it's what's flying OFF!
JAMES: And make it double,
there's no time to scoff!
JESSIE: To protect
the world from devastation!
JAMES: To unite all
people within our nation!
JESSIE: To denounce the
evils of Twerps and pests!
JAMES: To extend our
reach to our most special guest!
‐JESSIE: Jessie!
‐JAMES: And James.
JESSIE: Team Rocket blasts
off at the speed of light!
JAMES: Surrender now or prepare
for a balloon‐powered fight!
MEOWTH: Meowth, that's right!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Team Rocket!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
MEOWTH: Phantump's removed,
now everything's a big,
bubble‐filled groove!
JESSIE: My only regret is an
award‐winning performance like
mine wasn't captured on film.
ASH: Pikachu, Thunderbolt now!
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE: Puh‐leeze. A thousand
Thunderbolts couldn't zap
through our
futuristic fiber fortress!
JAMES: Leaving you with less!
ASH: Stop!
PIKACHU: [SCARED]
WOBBUFFET: [MOCKING]
ASH: Pikachu!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[LAUGHING]
PHANTUMP X6: [LAUGHING]
JESSIE: All right.
What's with the ventriloquism?
JAMES: I wouldn't
throw my voice for a prank!
MEOWTH: I know
where that's coming from.
MEOWTH:
It's those babbling Phantump!
ASH: What's going on?
SERENA: Hey, Ash!
BONNIE: All of Phantump's
friends came to save it!
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Well, whaddaya know.
PHANTUMP 1: [ENERGY BALL MOVE]
PIKACHU: [SCARED] [IMPACT]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [HAPPY]
ASH: So glad you're okay!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: The nerve! You're
not raining on our parade!
PHANTUMP W: [ANGRY]
MEOWTH: Check this. Not only did
we steal their sweets without
asking, but we had the gall
to be really mean and nasty to
their little buddy as well.
Do tell.
ASH: That was
just wrong, and you know it!
PIKACHU: [ANGRY]
JESSIE: We were hungry!
There's such a thing as sharing,
you know. Now, Gourgeist.
Blacken their
world with Dark Pulse!
JAMES: Okay, Inkay! Use Psybeam!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
INKAY: [APPEARING]
GOURGEIST: [DARK PULSE MOVE]
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
PHANTUMP W: [ANGRY]
PHANTUMP W: [HORN LEECH MOVE]
BONNIE: Phantump! Way to go!
PHANTUMP W:
[FOREST'S CURSE MOVE]
GOURGEIST/ INKAY: [STRUGGLING]
ASH:
'Kay Pikatsu use thunderbolt
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET/
INKAY/GOURGEIST: [PAINED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH:
We're blasting off again!
WOBBUFFET: [SCARED]
BONNIE: You did it! You did it!
DEDENNE: [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Yippee YAY!
PHANTUMP W: [HAPPY]
SERENA: Here. Eat up!
CLEMONT: Everybody!
PHANTUMP W: [INVITING]
PHANTUMP X6: [EXCITED] [HAPPY]
BONNIE: Phantump?
Take care of yourself.
And don't get lost again, okay?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
PHANTUMP W:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [INVITING]
DIGLETT X2: [GREETING]
DUGTRIO X3: [GREETING]
HELIOPTILE: [QUESTIONING]
BIDOOF: [FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP X6: [QUESTIONING]
PHANTUMP W: [GREETING][FRIENDLY]
PHANTUMP W: [INVITING]
HELIOPTILE/DIGLETT
X2/DUGTRIO/BIDOOF: [EXCITED]
ASH: Wow. It's introducing
all of its new friends.
ASH: You can never have too
many, so always make more!
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ASH: Bye, everybody!
Take good care!
PIKACHU: [FAREWELL]
BONNIE/DEDENNE:
Bye‐bye![FAREWELL]
NARRATOR: Happily, the rare
Phantump with unusual coloring
made it safely back to its home.
NARRATOR: And our heroes are
once again setting their sights
on Snowbelle City.
JAMES: I'm starving.
JESSIE: Maybe one of those
losers dropped a morsel or two
on the ground...
WOBBUFFET: [TIRED]
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH/WOBBUFFET:
[GASPING]
MEOWTH: That laughing!
MEOWTH:
I'm scramming out of here!
JESSIE/JAMES/WOBBUFFET:
[FRIGHTENED]
LITTLE BOY 1 :
You've gotta be kidding me!
No really, I'm serious!
NARRATOR:
As the journey continues.